I was here last week.
Where the fuck were you?
[Frank]
I recently experienced
a tragedy.
I lost the love of my life.
She's dead, Frank.
She was my soul mate.
Well, I guess I'm gonna
have to find and train
a new assistant manager.
- Do we need one?
- You should do it.
You'd be great at it.
- Can I come over tonight?
- I'm busy.
♪ punk rock music ♪
- Did you fuck her?
- What?
Did you fuck her?
Shit, stop!
Stay away from her!
You stay the fuck away from her!
From who, my mom?
♪♪♪
[banging on door]
That's my sleepover.
This is Nick.
Holy shit.
He's been in juvie
since he was nine.
- How old is he?
- Eighteen.
Had to let him out
'cause of his birthday.
He's my brother
from another mother.
You feel?
We're tight.
You need to pick up
the pace a bit.
Nobody's waiting.
It's not a big deal.
I've seen trees grow faster
than he's bussing that table.
♪♪♪
Oh, shit.
You're not pregnant?
- I'm not.
- [sighs]
♪♪♪
We're Derek's parents.
We'd like to talk to you
about the baby.
What baby?
Derek and Debbie's baby.
♪♪♪
♪ rock music ♪
♪ Think of all
the luck you got ♪
♪ Know that
it's not for naught ♪
♪ You were beaming
once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Round up
the friends you got ♪
♪ Know that
they're not for naught ♪
♪ You were willing
once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
[truck beeping outside]
[beeping stops,
truck accelerates]
It's too early for thinking.
Debbie's got to get
an abortion.
Been hashing
over this all night.
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[clears throat]
You need a break.
How could I have
let this happen to her?
- You didn't.
- [scoffs]
Whenever a girl gets pregnant,
the first thing people think
is bad parenting.
Uh, you're an excellent
sister/parent.
I should have made her go
on the pill.
Do you want to, maybe, uh...
do your taxes while we're at it?
Sorry.
I'm not really
in the mood.
Hmm.
Seems like you are to me.
If she has this baby,
she's gonna be like every other
sad ass girl
- in this fucking neighb--
- Okay.
You know, you got to shut up
for a few minutes.
You need a stress reliever
and I only have 12 minutes
before my meeting.
So this is what's gonna happen.
You're gonna shut off
your brain.
And you're gonna...
...breathe into your body.
[muffled]
I can't breathe.
Your hand is on my--
Yeah, I said shut up.
Breathe through your nose.
- [moans]
- You feel me inside of you?
♪ rock music ♪
Yeah.
Relax.
Close your eyes.
Yeah, let me do all the work.
[grunts]
♪ Ay, mama ♪
Now just let go,
and give yourself over to me.
- [moans]
- That's it.
Do it.
Good girl.
[moaning]
♪♪♪
♪ Hey ♪
- Nice job.
- [groans]
- [grunts]
- [sighs]
Now I got to blue ball it
over to my meeting before work.
I'm gonna rally this family
to make Debbie do it.
Well, take it easy on her.
You know how it is.
You tell a teenager what to do,
they always do the opposite.
Ugh.
Okay.
Hey, there's a nurse coming
over to the diner today
to give you your drug test.
Why?
Insurance.
You have
a felony drug conviction
and you're handling money now.
See ya at the grind, Sparky.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[clacking keys]
Ooh, hello, Charise.
♪ funky music ♪
You too, Tamika.
♪♪♪
Lovely to make
your acquaintance,
Kymberly with two Ys.
[cell phone chimes]
Hey, buddy,
time to get up.
Gotta do our rounds
before school.
- Huh?
- Not you.
Go back to sleep.
♪♪♪
You don't need to sleep
with that hammer no more.
No one's gonna try
to ass rape you in my crib.
Got your back.
Okay?
♪♪♪
[zen music plays on the stereo]
You're the best tennis
players on the planet.
Gemma, you have the number one
backhand smash
in the world.
♪♪♪
Amy,
you can serve and volley
like no one's business.
- Gemma...
- Kev...
I'm thinking
the subliminal message thing
- is really working.
- Gemma...
Well, at least it
put 'em to sleep.
...gave you the nickname
"The Sledgehammer."
What, you saying
my voice is boring?
No, I'm saying we got 30 minutes
to get down to business
while Venus and Serena
finally take a nap.
Oh, yes.
Let's do this.
- [giggles]
- You get a tattoo
of a sledgehammer
on your right bicep.
- Mm.
- Your dad's
a little disappointed by this,
but he can overlook it.
- Babe?
- Hmm?
As much as I love
hearing your
subliminal message voice,
can we take this upstairs?
Really? 'Cause it's kinda
turning me on.
- Uh-huh.
- [both laugh]
- Ooh.
- Come on.
- [dogs barking]
- [Yanis] Get away
from my babies
before I blow your heads off!
[Lisa One] You should've
put muzzles on them!
[babies crying]
Damn it! Yanis woke up
the girls again.
All right,
I'll go deal with it.
God damn it, Yanis!
- [murmuring]
- [babies crying]
♪ funky upbeat music ♪
Aw, come on.
You can't take them.
They--those are my babies!
We asked you
to make them stop barking.
They're dogs.
They bark.
That's what they fucking do!
Yanis!
Shut up!
My babies haven't napped
in over a week
because of your loud mouth.
Now, what is going on?
These two rug-chomping
dykebats
called animal services
on my babies!
All right--all right!
Would you just calm down,
and tell me the story
without the gay bashing.
Look, man, I've had Michael,
Tito, LaToya, Marlon, and Janet
since they were eight weeks old.
They're not licensed.
I don't know what that even--
Lisa and Lisa,
what is going on?
There's feces everywhere,
Kevin.
- So?
- One of them is foaming
at the mouth.
They could bite our kids.
Give them rabies.
Kids?
I didn't know you guys had kids.
Not yet.
But soon.
Hey, Tito.
Daddy's gonna
get you outta there.
I need you to
back away from the van, sir.
- Would y--
- Wh-wh-wh-
What're you gonna do
with the dogs?
I'ma bring 'em
down to the shelter.
Owner has seven days
to get permits
and provide a clean living area
and pay for microchips
and vaccinations.
Otherwise, they become
candidates for adoption
or euthanasia.
You can't kill my dogs,
motherfucker.
Hey, get the fuck off me.
Don't make me fucking tase you!
All right--all right--
all right! Okay.
Yanis, you're gonna get your ass
thrown in jail.
- He--
- You heard the guy.
You can get your dogs back.
Go start by cleaning up
the mounds of shit
in the front yard.
Go!
speaking Greek
Can you just go do it quietly?
♪♪♪
Oh...
[scoffs]
Thank you, Kevin.
speaking Greek
♪♪♪
Just remember,
Lisa and other Lisa,
we were doing fine
in this neighborhood
before you two moved in.
♪♪♪
[clatters]
[knocks]
Get outta my shit.
I'm taking 'em.
I need your help convincing
Debbie to get an abortion.
- Sleeping.
- Can we talk about it later?
Fine.
See you at work.
Can't wait.
Go sleep in your room, Frank.
I can't.
I just can't.
It's the last place
in the United States
I spent with Bianca.
I--sick of hearing about
your dead girlfriend.
My--
What?
What's the ma--
What's the matter with you?
How could you
say something like--
What's the matter?
How dare you blaspheme
the name of Bianca.
How dare you!
Good, God, Fiona.
Jesus!
♪ funky music ♪
Good morning.
"Good morning to you too,
Fiona."
Friend Nick is still here, huh?
Yup.
How long you
planning on staying, Nick?
A while.
You don't have
a place to go?
No family.
Does he talk?
I got him covered.
- So, uh, hey, Debbie?
- Yeah?
- I just called the clinic.
- So?
I made an appointment
for you for Friday.
For an abortion.
They want us there
this afternoon
for your pre-screening.
I'll pick you up after school.
[scoffs]
Not part of my plan.
But now that Derek's gone,
- it's gonna--
- He's coming back.
His parents are assholes.
Did you talk to him?
We love each other.
Debs, come on.
- You're 15.
- Yeah?
Please, you're always bragging
about how you had to raise us
when you were 16.
Bragging?
It was forced on me.
I didn't have a choice.
You have a choice.
Yeah, and I choose
to have a baby.
You have your whole life
ahead of you.
And I don't have my whole life
ahead of me if I have a baby?
You can have a baby
when you're older
and finished high school
and college and gotten a job.
Right, so I should just
stop being pregnant, then?
- Yes.
- I'm not killing my baby.
It's not a baby.
It's a few cells.
Does this look like
a few cells?
The website says my baby's
the size of an orange right now.
Totally looks like
you just fucked a tadpole.
Debbie, be realistic.
How are you gonna go to school
and have a baby?
You want me to be realistic?
Okay, I'll be realistic.
Knives are in the drawer
if you wanna do a home abortion.
Carl!
Leaving.
Here's a couple hundies
for her abortion
and Nick's room and board.
Where'd you get this?
Earned it.
How?
Let's go, Nick.
I'm taking
this bag of flour with me.
Why?
To prove to you
that I can go to school
and take care of a baby
at the same time.
A bag of flour.
♪ upbeat rock music ♪
♪♪♪
[heavy breathing]
Yeah.
Are we cool with everything
that happened?
You're asking me that
right now?
[Theo]
♪ You put your right foot in ♪
♪ You put your right foot out ♪
Yeah, I mean, are we?
I'm having sex with you,
aren't I?
[Theo]
♪ You put your right foot in ♪
♪ And you shake it all about ♪
- Talk dirty to me.
- Okay, um...
I'm gonna slap you
with my big dick
and come all over your face.
Jesus, maybe not
that dirty.
[Theo]
♪ You do the hokey pokey ♪
♪ And you
turn yourself around ♪
Never mind, never mind.
- I'm gonna come anyway.
- All right.
[both moaning and grunting]
- Ah.
- Fuck.
[Theo]
♪ you put your right foot in ♪
♪ You put your right foot out ♪
♪ You do the hokey pokey
and your turn yourself around ♪
♪ That's what it's all about ♪
- Sorry, it was, uh...
- [sighs]
It was weird
with Theo in the shower.
[chuckles]
Then you should kill him.
A gun or a pipe?
Dealer's choice.
You have a good
life insurance policy?
Cool mil.
Wow.
Make it look like
an accident, though, okay?
♪ slow jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
[faucet squeaks]
You are joking, right?
Am I?
Maybe...
...maybe not.
It's all yours, doll face.
You too, Helene.
[chuckles]
I gotta get ready for work.
Will you start a pot of coffee,
please, lover?
Yeah.
♪ Put your left foot in ♪
♪ You put your left foot out ♪
♪ Left foot in
and you shake it all about ♪
♪ hip-hop music ♪
Hey, yo, you stay out front
while I go in and offer Mr. Wu
a little neighborhood
protection policy.
Give you the signal
if I need you, a'ight?
♪♪♪
♪ Who brings the fight
to your door like us? ♪
♪ Who squashin'
all competition like us? ♪
♪ Yeah, nobody round here ♪
♪ They can try
but they don't compare ♪
♪ They ain't nothin'
like us ♪
♪ Who always rise
to the top? ♪
♪ That's us ♪
♪ Who does everybody
wanna be like? ♪
- ♪ Us ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ If you all wanna win ♪
♪ Get yo' hands in the air
and say yeah ♪
See you next Thursday,
Mr. Wu.
Like taking candy
from an Asian dry cleaner.
Used appliance store next,
before school?
You're gonna carry
a bag of flour around all day?
[grunts]
If that's what it takes
to prove to Fiona
that I'm my own person, yes.
Well, good luck with that.
She's a total
control freak lately.
Tell me about it.
Acting like she's our mom.
It's my body.
I can do what I want.
Yeah.
I'm getting it from all sides.
Here she's jamming meds
down my throat,
and at work, she's ripping me
a new one over some bullshit.
Found 'em.
Baby clothes?
Gotta dress Desiree, don't I?
- [cell phone chimes]
- [mouthing]
♪ funky music ♪
[scoffs]
Look what she's sending me.
♪♪♪
Delete that shit.
[phone clicking, swishes]
Mm, look at Miss Thang
in real clothes.
Oh, yeah, if you call Goodwill
real clothes.
Least you're not schlepping
burgers in a tron uniform.
I'm gonna miss the tips.
You can have the $1.50 I got
from Mr. Asswater.
I mean, Atwater.
- Hey, Olga?
- Yep.
Did you ever try
to talk your daughter
into having an abortion?
Didn't get a chance.
She hid her pregnancy from me
for six months.
Yeah, my kid sister was trying
to do that to me.
- Debbie's pregnant?
- Yes.
That sucks.
Adam, fry up this tissue
with table 37's
order of hash browns.
Guy's running my ass ragged.
- Sure.
- You guys,
we shouldn't be
frying up tissues anymore, okay?
What about a shoelace?
Let's not fry anything.
Not even the chicken strips?
Of course the chi--
you know what I mean.
I don't think we do.
Maybe you should explain it
to those of us not smart enough
to become the assistant manager.
I don't need your shit today,
Melinda.
Let me know
when you do need it.
You used to ask Adam
to fry up tissues, Fiona.
Yeah, and now I'm trying
to be responsible,
so cut me some slack.
Not gonna happen.
You're management now.
Hey, how'd it go with Debbie?
Bad.
She thinks Derek's coming back.
- Is he?
- Hell no.
How was your meeting?
Well, me and my blue balls
had a good time.
- Sorry.
- That's all right.
I jacked off behind the podium
while I was sharing.
Am I a horrible person
'cause I secretly hope
Debbie has a miscarriage?
It's not a secret anymore,
but it's understandable.
Mr. Sean, can I have Sunday off
for my daughter's baptism?
Ask Fiona.
She does the schedule now.
In fact, that goes for everyone.
Fiona's setting the schedule
around here from now on.
Yes, Melinda.
That is exactly
what it looks like
when I'm doing it.
[laughs]
[clears throat]
Yo.
Listen, I'm--I'm sorry
about the, uh...
What?
Broken knuckle
'cause you thought I was
fucking my mother?
Yeah, no I didn't exactly
think you--you were fuck--
Good morning.
I'm fucking my father,
actually.
Bye, Daddy.
See ya, son.
Want some eggs?
Uh, no.
No.
Just coffee, thanks.
[sniffs]
Actually, I should
probably go too.
You had me worried there
the other day.
You thought Helene
was sleeping with Dylan?
- Right.
- [chuckles]
Yeah, about that.
I'm--I'm sorry.
You do understand
that the only reason
you're having sex with my wife
is because I allow it, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, no, I got that.
Um...
...I'm gonna go now.
Have a good day.
Yeah...
♪ rock music ♪
♪ You say you got the touch ♪
I wish I could
invent a machine
that would just erase her memory
from my brain.
You know, some people say
that the sativa
is a memory-erasing machine,
Frankie.
[chuckles]
I know that's funny, Gar.
I'm just not in a laughing mood
right now.
Hey, free beer
to anyone who helps us
bring the rest of the stuff in.
Why the hell should we work
for free beer
when these hipster jackwipes
are buying it for us
just for treating 'em
like shit?
Another beer
for my pal Tommy.
- Thanks, asswipe.
- [laughs]
Hey, what is going on
with the smoke, Svet?
Place is like a hotbox.
They can't light up in here.
They pay $12 for espresso,
they could smoke my balls
if they want.
Twelve bucks?
Toke it up, folks!
You don't really have balls,
do you?
Let me give you a little
advice my shaman gave me
when my grandpa died.
You have any of Bianca's things?
You kidding?
I got a whole shrine.
A hairbrush, underwear, bra,
bikini, lab coat,
shells, photographs,
little jewelry box that I put--
Burn it all.
♪♪♪
What?
Bring it to the hospital
where you first met her.
Light it on fire.
Guaranteed to help you
find closure.
Seriously?
Trust me.
You are too fine a man
to hurt like this.
Be free, little Frankie.
Be free.
♪♪♪
Holy fuck.
You're right.
I'm gonna do it.
Right now.
Hey!
Take my lighter, amigo.
You're a good egg, Gar.
- [chuckles]
- [smooches]
Burn, baby, burn.
♪♪♪
Where'd we get
an espresso machine?
Uh, Carl and big scary
colored man,
they steal
from fancy coffee place.
Svet, you do remember
that my wife is black, right?
So?
♪♪♪
Aah!
- Shit!
- [chuckles]
Now boarding,
ladies and gentlemen.
♪ rock music ♪
♪♪♪
What?
Mind giving up your seat
for me and my baby?
♪♪♪
It's a bag of flour.
Dude, get up.
She's obviously retarded.
- Her or the baby?
- Just get up.
♪♪♪
Thank you.
[cell phone chimes]
[Derek] Hey, this is Derek.
Leave a message after the beep.
- Thanks.
- [voice mail beeps]
Hey, it's me, again.
Uh, call me back when your
stupid parents aren't around.
Miss you.
Bye.
♪♪♪
[engine racing]
Yo, there's Charleston.
Come on.
♪ hip-hop music ♪
Yo, Mr. Charleston.
Hey, Charleston, wait up.
♪♪♪
- Yeah?
- Yo.
Think you could take my backpack
into school for me?
Why?
What's in it?
Here's the thing.
Could either tell you...
...could not tell you.
Not tell me.
Meet me at your janitor's
closet in ten minutes.
You better make it 15.
I'ma stop at the cafeteria
and pick me up
a couple Milky Ways
with this Benjamin.
♪♪♪
[metal detector dings]
Oh.
It's the leg.
Yeah, all right.
♪♪♪
A'ight, we're in.
Let's go.
♪♪♪
Yeah.
This is it.
You're home, honey.
[sighs]
- Excuse me?
- Oh, jeez.
Uh, this won't take
but one minute.
What are you doing?
Uh, I just need to light
all this stuff on fire.
Are you nuts?
♪ rock music ♪
I need security
at bed four ASAP.
- Man with a bomb.
- This isn't a bomb.
It's Bianca's stuff.
Unless Bianca had
a bomb in her stuff.
Bianca?
Bianca Samson?
Mm-hmm.
- Are you Frank?
- Mm-hmm.
♪♪♪
Put the lighter down now,
jackass.
I'm not trying
to hurt anybody.
I'm just--
[crying]
I'm just trying
to erase her memory.
It's okay, Lenny.
I got this.
Are you sure, Dr. Joung?
Yes, this is Bianca's friend
Frank.
♪♪♪
You know about me?
Where are you, Ian?
This is your sister
and your boss.
It's after 11:00 and you're
supposed to be at work.
Get your ass in here.
[bell dings]
Hey, don't be sticking
that in my chicken.
It's part of my job now.
That's a work of art.
And this work of art
is undercooked.
It needs more fire.
Or it needs to be served
to my customer
'cause it's already
ten minutes late.
Who ordered the salmonella?
- Hey, I'm off to a meeting.
- Another one?
We're in the middle
of a lunch rush.
- You got this.
- [sighs]
You're late, dude.
- Hey.
- He's gonna fire your ass
if you keep showing up late.
I was helping out Debbie.
Well, good.
Did you tell her
that she can't have a baby?
- No.
- Why not?
- It's not my business.
- Of course it is.
We can't afford another kid.
More water on 23
and a couple forks at 15, Ian.
- You got it.
- She's gonna ruin her life.
- You don't know that.
- Yeah, I--
We need to be
a united family front, Ian.
You can't tell somebody what
to do with their body, Fiona.
Hey.
Just met with my buddy,
Kirk Freund,
over at Chapman Energy Systems.
- Oh, yeah?
- [cell phone buzzing]
Got you an internship
with him for next summer.
Yeah, I'm not really
an internship guy.
Hey--hey, did you
convince Debs to go?
[Fiona] No, she won't
listen to me,
and Ian is no help.
I'm freaking out.
You're gonna be on
the geothermal research team.
Uh, no.
I-I-I don't work for free.
Hey, do you, uh,
do you want me to try?
[Fiona] Yeah, would you?
You're doing
this internship.
Can--can you get a car and--
and pick her up after school?
We gotta get her in
for a pre-exam today.
- Sure.
- You pay your dues now,
the contacts you make
will pay off later.
[Fiona] I gotta
get back to work.
Right, all right.
Bye.
When I was your age,
I paid someone
to work at their company.
Yeah--hey, do you mind
if I borrow your car?
- What am I, Yuber?
- No, i-i-it's Uber.
I-I'll have it back
in a few hours.
That car is my baby.
No, I-I-I know.
It's an emergency.
I will be very careful.
We're not really friends.
I wake you up every morning.
I'd feel better lending it
to a Chapman Energy Systems
intern.
Fine.
Yeah, I-I-I'll take the meeting
with the Kirk energy guy.
Now, where are your keys?
Probably left 'em in the car.
Right.
Thank you.
♪ indie rock music ♪
♪♪♪
[cell phone chimes]
Mr. Sullivan?
Yes, Deborah?
I need to go change my baby.
What?
She's wet.
You realize that's a bag
of flour in a dress, right?
Oh, duh.
I'm practicing
for when I have my real baby.
Well, just because
you got yourself knocked up
doesn't mean you should
have special privileges over
the other students who managed
to keep it in their pants.
Fine, go.
My imaginary friend needs
to drop a deuce.
- [laughter]
- Can I be excused?
Sit down.
Shut up.
♪ rock music ♪
♪ When this stage ♪
♪ Comes with you... ♪
[cell phone chimes]
V, this ladder is for shit.
I need you to get off the phone
and hold the ladder, please.
I am.
Fiona's spinning out
about Debbie being pregnant.
Wants me to bring her an Ativan.
Yeah, well, I'm spinning out
about Debbie being pregnant too.
Do you know in a couple years
that could be Gemma or Amy?
Not with the chastity belts
we're gonna put
over their vaginas.
Hipster maggots drunk last
of the IPA shit water beer.
All right, I'll go
get more when I'm done.
Coming down, V.
♪♪♪
All right, folks.
That should do it.
♪♪♪
You want to know why so many
douchebag with top knot hair
that smell like farm animal
come into our bar?
[laughs]
Not that we're complaining.
♪♪♪
"Alibi voted Best Shittiest Bar
on the South Side."
No shit.
It also says
that we have the skankiest
and meanest Russian bartender.
Hmm.
♪♪♪
Wow.
Best Shittiest Bar.
Yeah, I'm not sure
how I feel about that.
Yeah, I know, me either.
I've never been
the best at anything.
♪♪♪
♪ Don't lie to me ♪
♪ Don't lie ♪
Sorry, forgot my wallet.
It's okay.
Bianca told me all about you.
Yeah?
No money.
Always making her
pay for everything.
Good times.
I don't know,
you made her happy somehow.
She visits me sometimes
in my dreams.
You too?
I hear her talking
to me sometimes.
I really miss her, Frank.
I do too.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
What are you doing?
Bianca's talking to us.
She's saying, "Go for it,
you wacky kids, you."
You're confused, Frank.
It's part
of the grieving process.
You looked at me
the way Bianca did.
Bianca had cancer.
That's the only reason
she looked at you that way.
Didn't you ever ask
yourself why someone
with her success,
beauty, and education
would be interested in you?
All the time.
Face it.
You and Bianca were together
because of cancer.
Not just any cancer.
Stage four.
Terminal cancer.
I have to get back
to my rounds.
It was nice
to meet you, Frank.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
Uh, excuse me?
Can you tell me
where oncology is?
Next.
♪ You go to rock
to the rhythm with 'em ♪
♪ Got to give it to 'em ♪
♪ Got to give a lot more
than the minimum... ♪
- You know why you're here?
- Buy a gun.
For what purpose?
Purpose?
Scare my fucking brother,
who's being a complete
and total douchebag.
Wrong answer, son.
Next!
♪ How I get down
make 'em all sit down ♪
Yes?
Hi.
I need to buy a gun
for protection...
...case there's
a shooting here.
I'm scared.
Then let me
soothe your nerves.
Wow.
You, my friend, look like
a...Glock 17 kind of guy.
And for a mere $300,
all this can be yours.
Can you teach me
how to use it?
Uh, we're not in
the training business.
That's what the internet's for.
[bell ringing]
Okay, here.
♪ Cut out the top and the
bottom plus the middle man ♪
All right.
Be safe, walk tall.
♪ stirring music ♪
♪♪♪
[boy] That's Carl.
He used to be white.
Don't fuck with him.
I hear he ate
a kid's toe in juvie.
Two chicken parms for the
sexiest paramedics in Chicago.
There's three tables in Olga's
section that need to be bussed.
Yeah, I can see that.
Not blind.
Who ordered the Ativan?
What if I can't make her
get an abortion, V?
Then slip her three of these
Ativan and do it yourself.
I could just buy
one of those RUD40s
and crush it up in her soup.
- Fi!
- I'm serious.
You can't go behind her back
and give her an abortion.
Stop pacing.
You're making me dizzy.
Why not?
She snuck behind my back
and got herself knocked up.
Debbie's a smart girl.
Give her some time
to process everything.
- She'll come around.
- What if she doesn't?
This Ativan is not working.
- It was a little old.
- Jesus.
Sorry.
Short notice.
[siren wails in distance]
I could just push her
down the stairs.
[indistinct chatter]
Stop smiling.
No one loves school.
It's not all coloring and glue
like you remember.
- [chatter slows down]
- [bell ringing]
Hey, girl.
I'm Carl.
What's your name?
You don't want to tell me?
That's all right.
I'll just call you...
my angel.
[Mrs. Serry]
All right, settle down.
Settle down, people.
Settle down.
Turn to page 17
in your biology books.
See you in my dreams, Angel.
Who the hell are you?
He's with me.
He doesn't belong here.
Because he's black?
No, because he looks 35.
He's an old soul.
Page 17.
Who wants to
tell me about mitosis?
♪ rock music ♪
♪♪♪
Hi.
Hello.
I'm part of
the cancer counseling staff.
The what?
I travel around the ward
tending to people's needs.
Oh, I didn't know
the hospital offered that.
It's a new thing.
Do you mind if I ask
what kind of cancer you have?
Uh, skin.
And what stage are you?
Two.
So you'll probably beat that.
It's what they say.
[groans]
Well, that's a drag.
Excuse me?
Oh, fuck me.
♪♪♪
Breast.
Curable.
Colon.
Curable-ish.
[gasps]
Testicular.
No dudes, no dudes.
Come on, daddy needs
a pancreatic.
[man]
I'm so sorry, Hilary.
Uh, why don't you take a seat,
and I'll have a social worker
come by and talk
to you about hospice.
♪♪♪
Hi, Yolanda.
Hi, Bonnie.
Hi, Debbie.
Hi, Ramon.
How are things?
Not good.
Pissed at my mom.
She wouldn't babysit
Ramon this weekend
so I could go to the mall.
That sucks.
Yeah, it's her
stupid grandson.
I don't know why
she has to be so selfish.
Do you guys think
it's hard to go to school
and have a baby
at the same time?
Totally.
I can't wait till
I'm 16 so I can quit.
Three more years.
My baby keeps me up
all the time.
None of my Forever 21 clothes
fit me anymore.
My boyfriend ignores me.
My vagina is so big now.
- [car horn honks]
- Got to go.
My mom's here.
I have an
orthodontist appointment.
Hey, Debs.
Bye, Bonnie.
[Lip]
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Came to pick you up
from school.
Since when?
Since I borrowed
my professor's car.
Is that a bag of flour?
Pretend baby.
Your niece.
Okay.
So you, uh, want
to get going, or...?
Where to?
Take you
anywhere you like.
Really?
You have no place in mind?
No, like where?
I don't know,
maybe the clinic.
Oh.
Fiona send you?
Yeah.
You gonna try to talk me
into getting rid of my baby?
Yeah, that was the plan.
Hmm.
Nice try.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I had a whole speech.
You know, about not wanting you
to be the girl at Costco,
three kids hanging off
your shopping cart,
a fistful of food stamps,
50 pounds heavier,
you know, desperate just to find
somebody to take care of you.
Good one.
I just want what's
best for you, Debs.
Well, looks like you
borrowed the car for nothing.
I could still
give you a ride home.
It's okay.
You sure?
Yeah, I want to call Derek,
talk to him in private.
No, I mean, you sure about
not going to the clinic?
Bye, Lip.
Fuck.
- [operator line trills]
- [woman] We're sorry.
You've reached a number
that has been disconnected
or is no longer in service.
What?
♪ dramatic music ♪
- [operator line trills]
- [woman] We're sorry.
You've reached a number
that has been disconnected
or is no longer in service.
Please check the number
and dial again.
♪♪♪
Okay, I think
this schedule
accommodates
everyone's requests.
[sighs]
What are you guys doing?
Sorry, Miss Fiona.
Ian said it was okay.
You're gonna just sit there?
Can't take a break?
Did you pay for that pie?
Did you clock out when
you were smoking with V?
I'm the assistant manager.
You keep reminding us.
What's with the attitude?
Look, you're on my ass 24/7.
At home, "Did you
take your meds?"
At work, "You're late.
Pick up the pace."
How about some gratitude
for the job I got you?
Gratitude for what?
Sloshing through
fry muck all day,
having people snap
their fingers at me,
listening to my bitchy
sister boss me around?
If you don't like it,
leave.
- Fine.
- I will.
I don't need this shit.
Really?
You're just gonna
leave like that?
- Good.
- Good!
Go!
[Melinda]
Nice one, boss.
Nothing cuntier
than firing a relative.
- [knocks]
- [Sean] What?
- This job sucks.
- Yeah.
Everyone's being a dick,
and they think I'm a bitch.
Is this about Debbie?
No, it's not about--
I don't know, maybe it is, okay?
It's everyone.
It's--it's Melinda and Adam
and Olga and Ian.
I just fired Ian.
Or maybe he quit.
I don't know.
- Good.
- What?
I'm sorry, Fiona,
I know he's your brother,
but he's an awful busboy.
[sighs]
I don't know that I can handle
all this responsibility.
You are in and out
of here all day long,
going to a million meetings,
leaving me alone
to deal with everything.
I shot up.
What?
When I was cleaning out
Otis' locker,
I found a bag of china white
and his hype kit...
...and, uh...
um, yeah.
You're just
telling me this now?
You had a lot
on your mind.
[sighs]
Oh, shit.
I didn't think
this was a thing.
You're sober.
It's always a thing.
So now I got to add this to
my list of crap to worry about?
No, listen, you don't have
to worry about this at all.
Of course I have to worry.
No, this is my thing.
I've got it handled.
Handled? You found a bag
of smack, and you shot up.
- That's handled?
- Do you know how many
bags of smack I've found
that I didn't shoot up?
Then why this time?
Because I'm an addict.
So you gonna do it again?
I don't know.
[sighs]
Why do you think I've been going
to all those meetings all day?
Oh, my God.
I'm in love
with a heroin addict.
You've always been in love
But you weren't using.
Didn't make me any less
of a heroin addict.
[sighs]
When did this happen?
Last night.
We were together last night.
Yes.
Will you promise
not to do it again?
[scoffs]
That's not how
this disease works.
You know that.
You've been to enough meetings.
I went to them because
the court ordered it.
I wasn't paying attention.
Half the time,
I was flirting with you.
I understand if you're angry
and you don't wanna be
with me anymore, but I...
...I hope that's
not the case.
[knock at door]
Hey, Fiona.
What?
Bitchy much?
There's some nurse here
to do your drug test.
Fuck.
Yeah, um, hey,
I got to go.
I can't be here in case
she wants to test me too.
Can we talk about
this later, please?
[door opens, closes]
♪ I want you to want me ♪
♪ I need you to need me ♪
♪ I'd love you to love me... ♪
Svetlana,
my friend Kermit over here
is gonna sing "Stroke Me."
Okay, I program into karaoke
machine, you cock head.
♪ I want you to want me ♪
♪ I'd love you to love-- ♪
- [music stops]
- Hey, come on.
The fuck?
Since when do we have
a karaoke machine?
Since half hour ago.
These beardos pay $5 a song
to listen to old fleabags
sing rock and roll music.
Damn.
I acquire barber chair
in morning.
Barber's chair?
Yeah, these clove cigarette-
smelling dick holes,
they like
the straight razor shave.
I charge $30.
[indistinct chatter]
Here's to the shittiest bar
in the South Side!
[all cheering]
- [rock music playing]
- speaking Russian
♪ Now, everybody,
have you heard? ♪
♪ If you're in the game
then the stroke's the word ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Nicole?
Where is he?
Debbie...
Where's Derek?
Mom told you
he moved to Florida.
Did they make him change
his cell phone number too?
I just tried to call him.
I'll tell him you
were asking about him
next time
me and him talk.
Well, what's his new number?
I'm at work.
Why are you guys
doing this to us?
It's for the best.
But you had a baby,
and they loved you.
Okay.
Just give me a minute, okay?
Let's go back here.
Debbie, Derek's parents were
protecting you from the truth.
What?
Derek was the one who
wanted to move to Florida.
You're lying.
He doesn't want
to have a baby.
Yes, he does.
We were picking out names.
You scared him.
He wants to go to
the Air Force Academy.
Derek wants to be a pilot.
He wants to be a pilot?
Yeah.
He's wanted to
since he was a kid,
but you didn't
know that, did you?
Because you never
asked him about himself.
You only cared
about the baby.
Guys want to feel
supported, not trapped.
I-I didn't mean to trap him.
I'm sorry, Debbie.
I have to go
back to work.
♪ bluesy music ♪
♪♪♪
[woman]
Excuse me.
What?
You're taking up
two handicap seats.
Sorry.
Shit, that's my stop.
♪♪♪
No!
My baby's on the train!
My flour baby Desiree!
♪♪♪
You did all that for her?
I did.
And you'd do
those things for me?
Every single one of them,
and then some if you wanted.
Whatever's on
your list.
Think of me as
your cancer concierge.
But why?
With Bianca, it was
because I loved her.
Wish it was
the same with you.
But who knows,
maybe over time.
I'd like to say
I was being selfless
and I just want
to make you feel better,
but I've never been
a selfless man.
No one really is.
Truth of the matter is,
I just need to get Bianca
out of my system.
And by having sex
on the train tracks,
that'll do it?
One can only hope.
♪ upbeat rock music ♪
I'm embarrassed to say
that I haven't been touched
in over 15 years.
You let me worry about that.
♪♪♪
Just hold that up
to your pretty lips.
♪♪♪
Inhale.
Slowly, slowly.
Good.
Hold it in your lungs.
Pretty soon,
you'll feel the crack
coursing through your veins,
and all your troubles
will just...
[laughs]
What'd I tell you?
♪♪♪
Hilary?
Hilary, you okay?
[laughs softly]
♪♪♪
You can exhale now.
[train signal tolling]
Hilary?
♪♪♪
Hey.
Hilary?
♪♪♪
Oh, shit.
Um...
♪♪♪
Hey, are you at the clinic?
[Lip]
Couldn't convince her.
Are you kidding me?
[Lip]
No, she's got her mind set.
Well, we got to unset it.
[sighs]
Meet me back at the house.
We'll go at her together.
[Lip]
Okay.
You're all good.
Great, thanks.
I'll just make a note
of your pre-existing condition.
Pre-existing condition?
The pregnancy.
My--my sister's pregnancy?
Your sister?
No, you.
W-what?
You didn't know
you were pregnant?
What?
Congratulations.
I hope it's good news.
Take care now.
[door opens, closes]
[sighs]
Debbie?
Where are you?
I have something
to tell you.
- Knock first!
- What are you doing?
None of your business.
Let's go to the clinic
right now, together.
They don't close
for another half hour.
Oh, my God, how many times
do I have to tell you,
I am not killing my baby!
- Why are you doing this to me?
- To you?
Why does everything always
have to be about you?
Because I'm finally almost
free from raising you kids,
and I don't intend
to do it again.
- Nobody's asking you to.
- Of course you are!
There's absolutely
no way in hell
that you're going
to be able to raise a baby,
and I am going
to get stuck doing it!
Oh, don't worry, I would
never let you near my baby.
I don't want you fucking it up
like you fucked us up!
- I'm going to Florida.
- Florida?
- What are you talking about?
- Let go of me.
Fuck.
♪ rock music ♪
You don't even know
where Derek is!
Florida is eight
million miles long!
Too bad, Fiona,
I'll find him!
He wants to be a pilot,
and I'm going to support him.
- He doesn't love you.
- Yes, he does.
You are not
going to Florida.
- Ow, get off me!
- Aah!
- You are going to that clinic!
- You're hurting me!
Ow! Stop it.
You are going to that clinic!
Help!
My sister's trying to force me
to get an abortion!
Fiona, get off her.
No!
We are going
to that fucking clinic!
[panting]
Fucking Gallaghers.
[engine revving]
[babies crying]
That piece of shit Yanis
woke up the babies again!
[sighs]
I'm taking care of this
once and for all.
How?
I'm gonna cut his throttle
cable when he goes back inside.
I'll be right back.
♪ electronic music ♪
♪♪♪
[door opens]
[Sean]
Hey.
Can I come in?
Uh-huh.
[door closes]
It was a...
...it was a long meeting.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
[Sean undressing]
It's okay.
Look, I can't promise
I won't do it again,
but what I can promise
is that I won't--
You need to shut up now.
♪ sensual music ♪
♪♪♪
- Mm.
- Here's what's gonna happen.
♪♪♪
You're gonna
shut off your brain...
...and breathe
into your body.
- Mm.
- Close your eyes...
...relax...
...and let me
do all the work.
♪ Scattered pieces of us ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Filling spaces we were ♪
♪ Silence followed us ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Crying out our names ♪
♪ Come again, come again ♪
♪ Come again ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Crying out our names ♪
♪ Come again, come again ♪
♪ And we race to erase ♪
[both breathing]
[engine revving]
What the fuck?
I thought you cut
the throttle cable.
I did.
♪ exciting music ♪
I don't know how he's riding
without the throttle cable.
Are you sure you
cut the right cable?
Yes, there's only two cables,
the throttle cable and the--
Aah!
[tires screech]
[slams]
The brake cable.
Uh-oh.
♪ rock music ♪
♪♪♪
Be gone, spirit of Bianca.
Oh, shit.
♪♪♪